Skip to content
Navigation Menu
Heroku-elasa
iran-Water-Bankruptcy-Management

Code
Issues
Pull requests
Actions
Projects
Security
Insights
Settings: Heroku-elasa/iran-Water-Bankruptcy-Management
Access
Code and automation
Security
Integrations
Advanced Security
Advanced Security features help keep your repository secure and updated. By enabling these features, you're granting us permission to perform read-only analysis on your repository.

Private vulnerability reporting
Allow your community to privately report potential security vulnerabilities to maintainers and repository owners. Learn more about private vulnerability reporting.

Dependency graph
Understand your dependencies.

Dependabot
Keep your dependencies secure and up-to-date. Learn more about Dependabot.

Dependabot alerts
Receive alerts for vulnerabilities that affect your dependencies and manually generate Dependabot pull requests to resolve these vulnerabilities. Configure alert notifications.

Dependabot rules
Create your own custom rules and manage alert presets.

1 rule enabled
Dependabot security updates
Enabling this option will result in Dependabot automatically attempting to open pull requests to resolve every open Dependabot alert with an available patch. If you would like more specific configuration options, leave this disabled and use Dependabot rules.

Grouped security updates
Groups all available updates that resolve a Dependabot alert into one pull request (per package manager and directory of requirement manifests). This option may be overridden by group rules specified in dependabot.yml - learn more here

Dependabot version updates
Allow Dependabot to open pull requests automatically to keep your dependencies up-to-date when new versions are available. Learn more about configuring a dependabot.yml file.

Code scanning
Automatically detect common vulnerabilities and coding errors.

Tools
CodeQL analysis
Identify vulnerabilities and errors with CodeQL for eligible repositories.

Other tools
Add any third-party code scanning tool.

Copilot Autofix
Suggest fixes for CodeQL alerts using AI. CodeQL default or advanced setup must be enabled for this feature to work. Learn more about the limitations of autofix code suggestions

On
Prevent direct alert dismissals
Actors must submit requests to dismiss an alert. This can impact pull requests requiring code scanning dismissal to merge.

Off
Protection rules
Check runs failure threshold
Select the alert severity level for code scanning check runs to fail. Create a branch ruleset to prevent a branch from merging when these checks fail.

Secret Protection
GitHub will always send alerts to partners for detected secrets in public repositories. Learn more about partner patterns.

Access to alerts
Admins, users, and teams in the list below have permission to view and manage code scanning, Dependabot, or secret scanning alerts. These users may be notified when a new vulnerability is found in one of this repository's dependencies and when a secret or key is checked in. They will also see additional details when viewing Dependabot security updates. Individuals can manage how they receive these alerts in their notification settings.

Choose the people or teams you would like to grant access
Search for people or teams
People and teams with access
Organization administrators, repository administrators, and teams with the security manager role
These members always see code scanning, Dependabot, and secret scanning alerts.
Footer
© 2025 GitHub, Inc.
Footer navigation
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Community
Docs
Contact
Manage cookies
Do not share my personal information
Settings · Advanced Security · Heroku-elasa/iran-Water-Bankruptcy-Management